[admin] (Term change) Change "host" to "application" in the context of an Office client hosting an add-in. (#2062)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/tips-for-handling-date-values-in-outlook-add-ins.md

Note that `convertToLocalClientTime` takes care of the difference between an Outlook rich client, and Outlook on the web or mobile devices:

- If `convertToLocalClientTime` detects the current application is a rich client, the method converts the `Date` representation to a dictionary representation in the same client computer time zone, consistent with the rest of the rich client user interface.
    
- If `convertToLocalClientTime` detects the current application is Outlook on the web or mobile devices, the method converts the UTC-correct `Date` representation to a dictionary format in the EAC time zone, consistent with the rest of the Outlook on the web or mobile devices user interface.
    

### Scenario B: Displaying start and end dates in a new appointment form

If you are obtaining as input different parts of a date-time value represented in the local time, and would like to provide this dictionary input value as a start or end time in an appointment form, first use the `convertToUtcClientTime` helper method to convert the dictionary value to a UTC-correct `Date` object.

> In the following example, assume  `myLocalDictionaryStartDate` and `myLocalDictionaryEndDate` are date-time values in dictionary format that you have obtained from the user. These values are based on the local time, dependent on the Office application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, assume  `myLocalDictionaryStartDate` and `myLocalDictionaryEndDate` are date-time values in dictionary format that you have obtained from the user. These values are based on the local time, dependent on the client platform.
```
